To build on the financial model,
let's first take a look at some Excel functions and tools for financial modeling.
As we introduce you to each of these,
we will work toward the financial model.
So this will set you up nicely for your final project.
Data validation is an Excel tool that
allows you to limit what values are accepted in a cell.
You can create drop-down list of items,
restrict cell value to data ranges and numbers.
Index function is used when you want the cell to have a value chosen from
a specified array and row number indicated within the index function.
Match is the lookup function that can locate the position of the lookup value
within an array only when it needs specific criteria defined in the match function.
Index and match together add a powerful feature for advanced formulas.
Together they can give a value from an array,
the purpose of the index function based on
a numeric position which is provided by the match function.
Finally, offset.
Here you can select a start point in the spreadsheet and tell
Excel to return a set of styles that are counted from the starting point.
We are going to work through an actual example for each of these in the coming videos.